Ensure backwards compatibility (#2695)
zarr-developers/zarr-python: docs/release-notes.rst

~~~~~~~~~
* Fixes ``order`` argument for Zarr format 2 arrays (:issue:`2679`).

> * Fixes consolidated metadata backwards compatibility Zarr format 2 (:issue:`2694`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a bug that prevented reading Zarr format 2 data with consolidated metadata written using ``zarr-python`` version 2 (:issue:`2694`).
```
